Using atlsim's auto-documentation feature to learn bank structures

While producing or analysing events in an atlsim session, there are some
commands which can show you the structure of any of the banks currently in
use. For example,

disp recb

shows you the zebra tree for the reconstruction banks, the top bank of which
is called recb. (The top bank for the simulation banks is called detm; if
you want to learn about the bank structure for the geometry and digitisation
simulations, substitute 'detm' for 'recb' in this example.)

Once you have asked for display by saying 'disp recb' you can click on
various points of the display window to get various bits of information.

Note that this may not work if your higz window is not of the default size,
namely 600 by 600. The higz window size is defined in the file
higz_windows.dat in your top-level directory. If you haven't edited this
file then you are probably okay. If you HAVE edited it to make the higz
window some other size, use a 600x600 window for these operations.

Try the following on the XKAL bank: click (with the leftmost mouse button)
just above the shaded bit of the picture of a zebra bank (where its name
is). You will get a full documentation of the bank (note this works only if
the code author has written his/her code to allow this, that's why I
suggested you try it first with XKAL, because I know it works there), but
you will get none of its contents. Be careful to not click on the words that
are there (eg "NID 1") as nothing will happen if you do that. Clicking just
above the larger unshaded bit of the bank will get you some of the
documentation and also the contents of the bank at that moment, i.e. for the
current event.

This is useful so that you can learn what the format of your 'structure'
statements in your age-language analysis module should be (see the
introduction to the age language in this tutorial.)

To get out of 'display', click anywhere on the graphics window with the
right-most mouse button.

To make hardcopy of the documentation for a particular bank, give for
example the command

gdump /recb f

which will dump the structure and contents of the recb bank and all its
daughter banks into a file (RECB.sgml) in your working directory. It should
look something like this .
